    A more prominent figure stepped out from the crowd.
    """

    "kknitro" "Are you Shiki?"

    "I hesitated before responding."

    s "Yes I am. What of it?"

    "An indiscernible din erupted from the crowd."

    "Another figure emerged from the crowd."

    "Meateor" "Silence brothers and sisters."

    "The crowd grew silent at his request."

    "Meateor" "The time has come for you Shiki."

    "He rose his arms into the air theatrically."

    "The crowd once again burst with life at his motion."

    "I've got a bad feeling about this. I have to get out of here."

    "If I try to break through the crowd they'll definitely catch me, so I
    had no choice but to go into the haunted mansion and find another exit
    from there."

    "I made a dash for the attraction's doors."

    "kknitro" "After her! Do not let her get away."
	
	"We all made it out of the mansion in once piece."
    "Before we could celebrate our victory, a voice called out."
    "Meateor" "We knew you'd make it out of there eventually."
    "kknitro" "Honestly, I bet against her. Didn't you also say we should find a way in and save her?"
    "Meateor" "Brother Nitro, not in front of her."
    "Meateor" "Shiki!"
    "The man pulled down his hood. I recognized his face from my streams. It was none other than..."
    "Meateor" "The time has come for you to atone for your sins!"
    "Meateor" "You will answer for your crimes in front of all the Occultreats that you have slighted!"
    "John" "Actually, I agreed with most of her tierlist"
    "Meateor" "SILENCE BROTHER JOHN! What will the other members think if we let her get away with this. Do we need to send you back to Luto?"
    "John" "Please don't! I just got my body back."
    "Kknitro" "I actually also don't care one way or the other about her opinion. We all have our own beliefs."
    "Meateor" "Yeah, but what about her hot takes? Are we going to let those slide?"
    "Kknitro" "No, those were pretty out there. That she needs to repent for."
    s "Well then I'm sorry guys."
    "A smile began forming on their faces. A happy murmur could be heard from the crowd."
    s "SORRY I'M BASED AND THAT YOU GUYS ARE WRONG!"
    "Kknitro" "Alright, get her guys!"
    s "You guys aren't the only one here you know."
    "The other girls stood with me, as well as the Catnip Cartel, Yuragumis, and PenPals"
    "Meateor" "Did you think that would be enough to take us all on?"
	The Occultreats formed a huge crowd in front of us.
    s "No, but we have a special technique."
    "I took a deep breath."
    s "Joestar Family secret technique {w} RUN AWAY!"
    "We began running in different directions"
    "Kknitro" "After them!"